The carbon footprint of global tourism is huge.
A new study shows that tourism produces about eight percent of the world’s carbon emissions.
This is much more than scientists previously believed.
Tourism includes transport, accommodation, shopping, and food consumption by travelers.
The researchers said flying was the biggest cause of carbon emissions from tourism.
Other major contributors include hotels, souvenirs, and restaurants.
The study was carried out by researchers from Australia, Taiwan, and Indonesia.
They analyzed tourism data from 189 countries.
The researchers warned that tourism emissions are growing faster than those from manufacturing.
They said international travel is increasing every year.
Many people now travel more often and for longer distances.
The researchers said governments must act to reduce tourism’s environmental impact.
They suggested cleaner transport and more sustainable travel choices.
They also said travelers should think carefully about how often and how far they travel.